Special Code Foo done for an hour level up talk! Purposefully chosen to be easy to encourage individuals to try out new languages!

_I suggest sorting this thread by *New* to see the most recent submissions_

The goal of these coding challenges is for you to approach these however you'd like and to have us all communicate. Some people will write their answers in languages they know very well, others will try something completely new out. Regardless of your approach, post your solutions as a top level reply below.

Reddit's formatting can be a little wonky, basically add four spaces to every line of code to get a nice looking code format applied.

Please comment on people's solutions. Ask why they did X, point out potential improvements.

Additionally, please list what language your solution is coded in.

You're more then welcome to pull request your solution into the following [Github Repo](https://github.com/GregHilston/Code-Foo)

Feel free to hit me up with any comments or questions on here, Slack or Hipchat. Happy coding!

# Challenge

The sequence of triangle numbers is generated by adding the natural numbers. So the 7th triangle number would be 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 + 6 + 7 = 28. The first ten terms would be:

`1, 3, 6, 10, 15, 21, 28, 36, 45, 55, ...`

Let us list the factors of the first seven triangle numbers:

```
 1: 1
 3: 1,3
 6: 1,2,3,6
10: 1,2,5,10
15: 1,3,5,15
21: 1,3,7,21
28: 1,2,4,7,14,28
```

We can see that 28 is the first triangle number to have over five divisors.

What is the value of the first triangle number to have over five hundred divisors?

## Acknowledgement

This challenge was taken from [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/problem=12).
